# Posession Game
This is a 2D stealth game where you can possess anyone and take up their character. It has procedural city generation using perlin noise with various environments, such as suburban, rural, exurban, and urban. The environments have various ambient sound effects that is faded together as you pass through them. There is also procedurally generated color palette that is applied to the buildings in order to give a more futuristic look. This is generated through starting colors and settings which generates the rest of palette. Many of the buildings are also enterable. Some, such as houses, have procedurally generated interior layouts using binary space partitioning, but the furniture has not been added yet. There are also special buildings with preset interiors, such as a police station. The people in the city are controlled by a state machine. Most of the time they wander it using randomly set points and A Star pathfinding, with different graphs for the city and interior spaces. They also respond to certain player behaviors, such as shooting or the player attacking someone, using internal messages. Different people respond differently. Most will run away from these behaviors, while others, such as police, will try to attack the player. Other people have a predefined AI. For instance, many in the police station have set routes to patrol. There is also a custom dialogue system that parses dialogue and allows player to interact with people in the city. While very little dialogue is written, the system is capable of handling complex conversations and can be configured to change based on who they are interacting with. Moreover, there are several Unity editor tools. There is a sprite sheet creator that can combine multiple sprites together to make a spritesheet. There is a procedural animation creator that uses the same colors in reference image and sprite image to map sprites to create procedural animations. This is mostly used for animating clothes based on the person animation reference image to save time by causing me just make one sprite and have the tool do animate the rest. There is also a furniture editor that allows the user to set the properties of the furniture, such as what it must or must not be next to on what side, for planned procedural furniture placement in interiors.